docs: recommend PG v13 or later (#8276)
Unleash/unleash: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Make your update:

> Make your changes to the file(s) you'd like to update. You'll need **Node.js v18** and PostgreSQL 13+ to run Unleash locally. [See more details](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash/tree/master/website/docs/contributing/developer-guide.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make your changes to the files you'd like to update. You'll need **Node.js v18.0+** and PostgreSQL v13.0+ to run Unleash locally. [See more details](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash/tree/master/website/docs/contributing/developer-guide.md)
```
